we start with some breaking news coming
in from Lebanon where the Israeli Army
has carried out what it calls a targeted
strike on a senior Hezbollah commander
in the southern suburbs of Beirut the
military says he was responsible for
Saturday's attack on the Israeli
controlled Golan Heights which killed 12
children and teenagers Israel blames
Hezbollah the Lebanese armed group
denies any
responsibility and let take let's take
this straight to the region where our DW
bayro bureau chief Muhammad TR and DW
correspondent tan Kramer in Jerusalem
are standing by Muhammad tell us more
about the
attack well Ni Call around 20 minutes to
8:00 local time a loud blast uh was
heard in Beirut and plume of smoke could
be seen Rising above the southern suburb
of the uh Capital Beirut information
circulating indicates so far that this
was potentially a uh drawn air strike
that targeted a c hasah figure so it
looks like an assassination eyewitnesses
we spoke to in the proximity of the
explosion said that it targeted aah
facility in in that neighborhood and
particularly the Sha Council this is yet
to be uh confirmed this is a densely
populated area very densely uh populated
so we know that there are casualties
some injured uh uh are being
hospitalized at the moment we haven't
yet received information on fertilities
but uh this this has been circulating
and Tanya what are officials in Israel
saying well the Israel military put out
a statement rather quickly taking
responsibility uh for uh this strike the
statement said it carried out a targeted
strike on the commander responsible for
the uh quote murder of children and
other uh Israeli civilians uh they
didn't name uh the person they targeted
here in the Israeli media
uh there is talk about a very high
ranking uh Hezbollah leader that was
targeted what's also interesting in this
uh statement is there is so far no
changes for the homefront uh guidelines
this is for the Israeli public uh what
what they should do in the event uh if
there's an escalation for example so far
no changes there would be an update if
something would be coming and of course
we're also getting First Reactions now
from Israeli politic itions among them
the Israeli defense minister YF galand
he said hasah crossed the red line
saying basically what we've been hearing
from uh Israeli officials in recent days
they had been saying there will be
retaliation uh for uh the incident on
Saturday on the occupied goolan Heights
that killed 12 children and today again
also a civilian was killed in an uh from
shner in an air strike uh from in a
rocket strike in in the north Muhammad
so Israel targeting Hezbollah how is the
group likely to
respond well you know tension is is
peing in in Lebanon this brings about
anxiety in Beirut and fear from a wider
uh confrontation you know uh in in these
moments in allout war cannot be uh ruled
out up until today uh this was still a
kind of a a calculated or contained
confrontation but this is certainly a
new chapter with the attack today this
is clear extension uh uh of the rule of
Rules of Engagement and somehow Crossing
uh red lines there's no doubt that hasah
will respond to that now the timing the
nature the geography of this response is
yet to be determined and is anticipated
uh uh we've been following on the very
very political and diplomatic uh uh very
tense political and diplomatic um
efforts in the last hours to push Israel
toward a calculated response that would
avoid attack major cities in Lebanon
particularly Beirut and avoid civilians
also to pressure hasbullah to exercise
uh self restraint so we're now watching
how this attack on hasbullah stronghold
near Beirut will unfold Tanya the region
is on tenter hooks this strike in
Lebanon now as a response to what
happened in the Golan Heights over the
weekend how big are fears in Israel of a
fullscale war war between Israel and
Hezbollah well I mean the reading here
is now that um you know depending on
what Israel will do next as well but is
now that it's now in the hands of
Hezbollah and this is really also the
feeling here that this is just now the
beginning um so we have to wait and see
how hasah will now respond and as
Muhammad said in bayud um it is in a in
a stronghold that's in an attack in uh
Southern uh beut uh so um so it depends
now how Hezbollah would uh respond to
that and I mean there has been you know
we have been These Warnings there has
been this Threat by Israel that they
will retaliate there had been diplomatic
efforts to contain uh Israel's
retaliation uh so uh basically it is a
very uncertain moment here in the region
and also a very dangerous moment here uh
which could can then now go either way
very dangerous moment indeed that was um
Tanya Kramer in Jerusalem and Muhammad
TR our B bureau chief thank you so much
for that update and we'll be in touch
with you